
# magmaplayer - a better audio player for discord.js

Magmaplayer is a direct alternative to Lavalink and ytdl-core, designed for use in Discord bots.  
It uses the [youtube-dl project](http://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/) as an easier and more reliable way to scrape music tracks from the internet.  
It supports YouTube, Soundcloud, Bandcamp, Vimeo, and [many other popular audio sources](http://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/supportedsites.html).  
It has built-in search and playlist functionality.  
It automatically updates most of its functionality, so you won't have to worry about any changes breaking the bot.  
Magmaplayer is also a work in progress. Please submit issues and PRs on [the GitHub repository](https://github.com/redbrain/magmaplayer).  
I have a Discord support and development server coming soon...

***

## DOCS (mostly autogenerated)

Install magmaplayer with `npm i magmaplayer`
Then require it: `const magma = require('magmaplayer');`  
**Currently implemented functions:**
- `magma(link, [args,] [options])`
  - **The main function of the bot. Plays music.**
  - *Arguments:*
    - `link`: a link to the audio source, or a YT search term.
    - `args`: optional; args to pass to youtube-dl.
    - `options`: optional; options to pass to `child_process.stream()`.
  - *Returns a ReadableStream of the audio with these events:*
    - `progress`: Object progress
    - `youtubeDlEvent`: String eventType, String eventData
    - `error`: error error
    - `close`
- `magma.getInfo(url)`
  - *Arguments:*
    - `url`: a valid url.
  - *Returns an Object of the JSON dump*
- `magma.isURL(string)`
  - *Arguments:*
    - `string`: The string to be checked.
  - *Returns true if a valid URL, false if invalid*
  
